# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile -o requirements.txt pyproject.toml -p 3.12
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.15
    # via geoip2
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
amqp==5.3.1
    # via kombu
asgiref==3.9.1
    # via
    #   channels
    #   django
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
billiard==4.2.1
    # via celery
brotli==1.1.0 ; platform_python_implementation == 'CPython'
    # via fonttools
brotlicffi==1.1.0.0 ; platform_python_implementation != 'CPython'
    # via fonttools
celery==5.5.3
    # via
    #   froide (pyproject.toml)
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-celery-email
    #   django-filingcabinet
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   elastic-transport
    #   requests
cffi==2.0.0
    # via
    #   brotlicffi
    #   cryptography
    #   weasyprint
channels==4.3.1
    # via froide (pyproject.toml)
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via
    #   reportlab
    #   requests
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1.2
    # via celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via celery
colorama==0.4.6 ; sys_platform == 'win32'
    # via
    #   click
    #   qrcode
cron-descriptor==2.0.6
    # via django-celery-beat
cryptography==46.0.1
    # via
    #   fido2
    #   jwcrypto
cssselect2==0.8.0
    # via weasyprint
deprecated==1.2.18
    # via pikepdf
dj-database-url==3.0.1
    # via froide (pyproject.toml)
django==5.2.7
    # via
    #   froide (pyproject.toml)
    #   channels
    #   dj-database-url
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-celery-email
    #   django-configurations
    #   django-contrib-comments
    #   django-crossdomainmedia
    #   django-filingcabinet
    #   django-filter
    #   django-leaflet
    #   django-mfa3
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   django-parler
    #   django-storages
    #   django-taggit
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   django-treebeard
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-spectacular-sidecar
    #   easy-thumbnails
django-appconf==1.1.0
    # via django-celery-email
django-celery-beat==2.8.1
    # via froide (pyproject.toml)
django-celery-email==3.0.0
    # via froide (pyproject.toml)
django-configurations==2.5.1
    # via froide (pyproject.toml)
django-contrib-comments==2.2.0
    # via froide (pyproject.toml)
django-crossdomainmedia==0.0.4
    # via froide (pyproject.toml)
django-elasticsearch-dsl==8.2
    # via froide (pyproject.toml)
django-filingcabinet @ git+https://github.com/okfde/django-filingcabinet.git@36bac253a1ac5cfa779599ae7bf10ea23eec35e5
    # via froide (pyproject.toml)
django-filter==25.1
    # via
    #   froide (pyproject.toml)
    #   django-filingcabinet
django-json-widget==2.0.3
    # via
    #   froide (pyproject.toml)
    #   django-filingcabinet
django-leaflet==0.32.0
    # via froide (pyproject.toml)
django-mfa3==1.0.0
    # via froide (pyproject.toml)
django-oauth-toolkit==3.0.1
    # via froide (pyproject.toml)
django-parler==2.3
    # via froide (pyproject.toml)
django-storages==1.14.6
    # via froide (pyproject.toml)
django-taggit==6.1.0
    # via
    #   froide (pyproject.toml)
    #   django-filingcabinet
django-timezone-field==7.1
    # via django-celery-beat
django-treebeard==4.7.1
    # via
    #   froide (pyproject.toml)
    #   django-filingcabinet
djangorestframework==3.16.1
    # via
    #   froide (pyproject.toml)
    #   django-filingcabinet
    #   djangorestframework-csv
    #   drf-spectacular
djangorestframework-csv==3.0.2
    # via froide (pyproject.toml)
djangorestframework-jsonp==1.0.2
    # via froide (pyproject.toml)
dnspython==2.8.0
    # via pyisemail
dogtail @ git+https://github.com/okfde/dogtail.git@d2f341cab0f05ef4e193f0158fe5a64aadc5bae6
    # via froide (pyproject.toml)
drf-spectacular==0.28.0
    # via froide (pyproject.toml)
drf-spectacular-sidecar==2025.9.1
    # via drf-spectacular
easy-thumbnails==2.10.1
    # via froide (pyproject.toml)
elastic-transport==8.17.1
    # via
    #   elasticsearch
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
elasticsearch==8.19.1
    # via
    #   froide (pyproject.toml)
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
elasticsearch-dsl==8.18.0
    # via froide (pyproject.toml)
feedgen==1.0.0
    # via django-filingcabinet
fido2==2.0.0
    # via django-mfa3
fonttools==4.60.0
    # via weasyprint
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
geoip2==5.1.0
    # via froide (pyproject.toml)
icalendar==6.3.1
    # via froide (pyproject.toml)
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-spectacular
jsonschema==4.25.1
    # via
    #   django-filingcabinet
    #   drf-spectacular
jsonschema-specifications==2025.9.1
    # via jsonschema
jwcrypto==1.5.6
    # via django-oauth-toolkit
kombu==5.5.4
    # via celery
lxml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   froide (pyproject.toml)
    #   feedgen
    #   lxml-html-clean
    #   pikepdf
lxml-html-clean==0.4.2
    # via lxml
markdown==3.9
    # via
    #   froide (pyproject.toml)
    #   django-filingcabinet
maxminddb==2.8.2
    # via geoip2
multidict==6.6.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
nh3==0.3.0
    # via
    #   froide (pyproject.toml)
    #   django-filingcabinet
oauthlib==3.3.1
    # via django-oauth-toolkit
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   kombu
    #   pikepdf
phonenumbers==9.0.14
    # via froide (pyproject.toml)
pikepdf==9.11.0
    # via
    #   froide (pyproject.toml)
    #   django-filingcabinet
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   froide (pyproject.toml)
    #   django-filingcabinet
    #   easy-thumbnails
    #   pikepdf
    #   reportlab
    #   weasyprint
prompt-toolkit==3.0.52
    # via click-repl
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
psycopg==3.2.10
    # via froide (pyproject.toml)
psycopg-binary==3.2.10 ; implementation_name != 'pypy'
    # via psycopg
pycparser==2.23 ; implementation_name != 'PyPy'
    # via cffi
pycryptodome==3.23.0
    # via django-filingcabinet
pydyf==0.11.0
    # via weasyprint
pyisemail==2.0.1
    # via froide (pyproject.toml)
pyotp==2.9.0
    # via django-mfa3
pypdf==6.0.0
    # via
    #   froide (pyproject.toml)
    #   django-filingcabinet
pyphen==0.17.2
    # via weasyprint
python-crontab==3.3.0
    # via django-celery-beat
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   celery
    #   elasticsearch
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   feedgen
    #   icalendar
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via froide (pyproject.toml)
python-mimeparse==2.0.0
    # via froide (pyproject.toml)
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via froide (pyproject.toml)
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via drf-spectacular
qrcode==7.3.1
    # via django-mfa3
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
reportlab==4.4.3
    # via
    #   froide (pyproject.toml)
    #   django-filingcabinet
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   froide (pyproject.toml)
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   geoip2
rpds-py==0.27.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl
    #   python-dateutil
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via django
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via
    #   cssselect2
    #   weasyprint
tinyhtml5==2.0.0
    # via weasyprint
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   aiosignal
    #   cron-descriptor
    #   elasticsearch
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   jwcrypto
    #   psycopg
    #   referencing
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   icalendar
    #   kombu
    #   psycopg
uritemplate==4.2.0
    # via drf-spectacular
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   elastic-transport
    #   requests
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wand==0.6.13
    # via
    #   froide (pyproject.toml)
    #   django-filingcabinet
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
weasyprint==66.0
    # via froide (pyproject.toml)
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   cssselect2
    #   tinycss2
    #   tinyhtml5
websockets==15.0.1
    # via froide (pyproject.toml)
wrapt==1.17.3
    # via deprecated
yarl==1.20.1
    # via aiohttp
zipstream==1.1.4
    # via django-filingcabinet
zopfli==0.2.3.post1
    # via fonttools
